[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114266)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-hosts-vms-openshift.adoc

[id="security-hosts-vms-openshift_{context}"]

> = Securing {product-title}
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> When you deploy {product-title}, you have the choice of an installer-provisioned infrastructure (there are several available platforms) or your own user-provisioned infrastructure.

Reviewer: This isn't a proper short desc. Does this make sense?

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
To make your {product-title} cluster more secure, you should understand the security enhancements you can make to your cluster.

When you deploy {product-title}, you have the choice of an installer-provisioned infrastructure (there are several available platforms) or your own user-provisioned infrastructure.
```

Reviewer: The _To make your {product-title} cluster more secure,_ phrase is the "why" part of the short description, which we are supposed to include.
